go what's up out there in YouTube
Facebook plan should have been only a
couple of weeks since my last video so
anybody today we're going to do an easy
dish easy to be anyone from a couple of
the my little facebook fans i'm asking
through this
it's a dish of it though it for years
here at the restaurant all of my
restaurant is called penne alla vodka
simple to three-minute fish got my
lightly salted water my pasta pot here
precooked a little of penne pasta so it
been blanched and shocked you did that
evolve again we talked about playing in
soccer before thanks boiling water
salted cook your pasta until itself that
day and it's shocking nice water that's
so we're going to do overnight I take
some crushed red pepper flakes I
macerate them a little bit of vodka and
so there you go I'm just going to go
I want to cook off that vodka there
they're probably better make it home and
I think in touch if every 3-4 hours
like a handful site better and
full-breasted granted imported
let that go for a little while what I've
done is I've also rendered down some
pancetta bacon and then chopped it up
and mention it maybe
now look-a-here for all you vegetarians
out there vegans I don't know if you can
do this because it's got cream it's got
there and all that stuff but for your
head starts don't have to make ropa que
haces bread anyway
a little bit of job parsley in here
right this lineup
all you want to do is you want to cook
this now what I'm going to do against
make it nice rich call it about grants
but
going to start
now let's go here I'm taking some of the
pentecostal been quite a shock bring it
back up the doctor and that hot boiling
likely stolen the water
see you saw something bubble up there
see the butter is melting
talk about rich and flavorful
make me hungry for breakfast clean up a
little spot see you nice bubble enough
butter is all incorporated in there the
sauce is loosened up and go with the
pasta right in here don't forget that
one a little toss it's the dish
take a little freshly grated Parmesan
cheese yeah this thick good imported
Italian parmesan come right over the top
I so basically
wipe off that play oh all right they go
penne alla vodka easy dish cook this for
your whole family tonight better yet
I'll be cooking for your whole family
come on and see me at that place
somewhere down to Charleston I'll see
you tonight hey don't forget about I've
got that contest running on my fanpage
go to the fan page but the contest is
you submit a recipe or a menu idea on
when said I not pick out the winner we
use your dish Friday night special and
you wouldn't guess I've dinner for two
at the chef's table at that place where
I work so you